Additional instructions on how to clear production and staging K8s when retiring an app (#4127)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/retiring-an-application.html.md

[govuk-helm-charts] (https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-helm-charts/)
[Example PR] (https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-helm-charts/pull/1236)

> ## 17. (EKS APPS ONLY) Delete the deployment
> 
> Removing the app from govuk-helm-chart will remove the app completely from integration,
> and remove the production, staging, and integration argo apps, but it will not stop the
> service in staging or production. For each of these environments, log into the environment
> then use kubectl to shut down the deployment
> 
> ```
> kubectl config use-context staging
> 
> kubectl get all | grep <app-name>
> ```
> 
> This will get you a list of all the kubernetes objects related to your app. You can delete
> them with (eg)
> 
> ```
> kubectl delete deploy/<app-name> service/<app-name> job/<app-name>-upload-assets
> ```
> 
> You don't need to worry about deleting pods and replicasets. Once you've done the deletion,
> confirm that everything has been removed with:
> 
> ```
> kubectl get all | grep <app-name>
> ```
> 
> (Pods might remain, but as long as they are in the Terminating state, you can just wait and
> they'll remove themselves)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 17. Delete the app's Kubernetes resources

In the staging and production environments, deleting an Argo CD app will not automatically delete the Kubernetes resources that it manages, such as `deployments`, `services`, `jobs` and `cronjobs`.

You will need to list and delete these resources manually, for example:

    kubectl get all | grep <app-name>

    kubectl delete deploy/<app-name> svc/<app-name> job/<app-name>-upload-assets
```
